Deck to introduce this time is Hello everyone who is here.
I would like to introduce fire protection clothing , knowing that it can leak water
Not to say that the ghost Rick what to introduce this time
It seems that the illustrations are cute, so this low price attracted me, I thought it was going to be a good idea
Isn't it
immediately
To issue their own very say would like to introduce I think you first start to the Gosutoripu
This card table can not be summoned in the display unless there is a shipboard monster .
Table that I hate to be summoned in the display
I can only set it, I guess it's like Kun kun
It is not such a thing but I think also are those who think of that ghost go this
It contains the affinity degree good card set
Very great monster called the Chez There Well Well I am, for example,
Yabe too much
It's already star renewed and Yabe will be done
That's when it comes to this ghost lick packe
It will remove the damn thing
Please give me any number of the 10 morning star on the back monster It's glory Come
And the other immediately love angel to match with No. sled became think that way
You get an opponent 's monster Well this is one before this, so let's just say what you said
It is said felt
sed confit ghost rick teacher exchange
Monsters with I wish or synthesis on their own style when Goi It is west this card is Reverse
With the number of the following levels:
bose Tomorrow monsters from the enemy Well in this case it's one thing from level 1
Too
Goslex Pector voice search on how to throw away
Let's stop it.
That's right time it's Ocha
go slick Spector guy of exchange to you I am a course synthesis of his facial expressions guy
It Special Summoned by this card back a week monster is in the take-up destruction of
And I draw one
You should somehow go down but fix the isotope seller
Well carpet now flips the specter
At that time you are here
When Ringo rear will introduce the guy I Is this guy this card is special summon summon the other
Masu 3:00 a level 1 monster selected Aso pond that monster on that say yourself
In other words , there are two level 3 candidates
Overlaid with 2 monsters and summoned without attack
That card goes gosses certain card
It is an al card , and I take it with the X 's of this card
So you will destroy the set card
5 After the soup set in ghost trick panic
Not to destroy Te a card why the excuse
Or the original of the Shooting Star Dragon Well combat breakdown resistance
Even though the party is the person who has to not do card effect out destruction to go
Well set spring ぇ Ma no problem or cancellation ticket 1000 box of taste Ne Dragosak Yo Ne
Resistant to destruction , even monsters die back 1
I went after completion of the teeth over the World Card
Tax and got another piece Bunboshiryo Wow Yarare talking partner feed
Well that lawmakers Seiko-chan there and the high pressure of the card guy is the cat of the card to the Graveyard
When I was sent, I was supposed to forgive you
Voices will not be included in the lines with cards . Marker bullets
It says adding it No. slippers nickname naproxen Tsu card
In course it is damn thing does not go in September synthesis is connected to a
There you in turning to his turn to the strong hand of the Osurikusupe compactors of champions
Inverted digestion
There is a summer monster to be issued No. 1912 go It is monster trouble
I would like to introduce a factory that I want to ghostlic
It 's is a cat of card magic in a hurry because Gosuru from their own without giving the combat damage
Trap card
It's a business world, but in this situation , I can't raise the battle major .
This ghost trick house at such time
Is the guy you ship the damn thing as long as the cat of the card is present
There is no act on the back monster
In the case of all opponent 's monsters Urawa say the composition directly
It's just this guy's jealousy Spring women are amazingly carefully selected
Cohabitation do here in the Well its care what's back opinion
I will send you the secret shield sword of darkness .
All opponent monsters can be sweet
Opposition
I wonder if this ghost rickhouse and the dark gospel sword are compatible.
Large black I want to Well is to it I was Mashi this be if in 1000 times to directly attack University
Ikeru Na out of the cunning you Oh slick panic want to
And theft
By the way, in Mashi published by ghost Rick and Question 1 deal
Yura enters
If you do it before
Great monster that so? It is if Matateba Aria Nan also as was digested
go Because it looks like this visor before asking for stick bread thickness Vibe Urawa
I will
Jack and the tax
And around there is also in his turn
Let's do something strong and remember the house in two weeks
Someone calyx it's dark you want to Kou punishment such as universities
It comes from the panic search set
And there is not yet another turn of the other party, and the first panic falls
It is a place where ghost Riku is strong that it is supported by the chest and the back is repeated this time Yes notification
I would like to go to pain
This will make you feel happy with the deck .
This is a ghost Rick lantern I this guy
When an opponent makes a direct protest, this special summons with this or the back side defense indication and it prevents that announcement
There is also an effect
Well line in that battle fader I Well only one body version like a feeling
Since Well often sled serves as Urawa Ya that the Hyonbo
You may eat a regulatory act to ghost Rick house ad reverse
I'll put it out with this art
Ane is line with this crane crane
This is also effective when you special summon a Level 3 monster you use
Well I'm Xyz monster of it fleet Lark Come say this guy, you can immediately
Well I get eyes
Well if I am Iteii feeling Neoｰ-chan lessons may enter the United States say
Well how are the Asian Este guide Toka Well cranes Toka Well howling
Well quite Lancer at Morse has a few
It is the case that Na Sagashi Well other things but I have been specialized to say
Here
Masked amount recommended line This guy is your own when summoning this card
It does not have an effect in the monster features Kansai of Shibuya-ku, urging
If you have a nice feature on this day, that's the level's synchro monster
Well Specter and Lantern Feature Completed
Also says that the search for the new features of Well Level 5
Well, it is a fairy dragon ancient of five synchro monsters that can not go forward it is not
This is the effect that the opponent's face destroys a millionaire standard monster while the film way exists
I have
Well compatible line
Well after Oh I it I guess is something like Well Yeah guy I am here No. slick out
Is
Epudai synthetic or summer Morse and store it 's usually enough of synthetic Waseda card
The monster on the back side of the defense display has no destructive effect on the card's park and the back
There is no effect if you can not select
Well Chong than good ghost Rick dance is whatever card
For example, you can up that say protect the ghost Rick House
Yes, I think it would like the end is now sixty introduction
There was a glans with support introduction scrivener , but please give me a post-mortem lunch
I'd like a follow-up, if good, since it has done it as well Twitter in Well
It was sent by the person who wants to put it out to be present
See you